c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.exe
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.deps.json
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.pdb
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Aspire.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Aspire.Hosting.AppHost.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Fractions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Grpc.AspNetCore.Server.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Grpc.AspNetCore.Server.ClientFactory.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Grpc.Core.Api.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Grpc.Net.Client.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Grpc.Net.ClientFactory.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Grpc.Net.Common.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\IdentityModel.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\IdentityModel.OidcClient.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\KubernetesClient.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Http.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventSource.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Polly.Core.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\YamlDotNet.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Aspire.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Aspire\references\.ProjectMetadata.g.cs
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Aspire\references\_AppHost.ProjectMetadata.g.cs
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Pr.B69720BE.Up2Date
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Final Project.dll
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.pdb
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Final Project.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\timot\IT1050-Programming-Logic\IT Labs\Final Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Final Project.dll
